go_gc_duration_seconds summary
go_goroutines gauge
go_info gauge
go_memstats_alloc_bytes gauge
go_memstats_alloc_bytes_total counter
go_memstats_buck_hash_sys_bytes gauge
go_memstats_frees_total counter
go_memstats_gc_cpu_fraction gauge
go_memstats_gc_sys_bytes gauge
go_memstats_heap_alloc_bytes gauge
go_memstats_heap_idle_bytes gauge
go_memstats_heap_inuse_bytes gauge
go_memstats_heap_objects gauge
go_memstats_heap_released_bytes gauge
go_memstats_heap_sys_bytes gauge
go_memstats_last_gc_time_seconds gauge
go_memstats_lookups_total counter
go_memstats_mallocs_total counter
go_memstats_mcache_inuse_bytes gauge
go_memstats_mcache_sys_bytes gauge
go_memstats_mspan_inuse_bytes gauge
go_memstats_mspan_sys_bytes gauge
go_memstats_next_gc_bytes gauge
go_memstats_other_sys_bytes gauge
go_memstats_stack_inuse_bytes gauge
go_memstats_stack_sys_bytes gauge
go_memstats_sys_bytes gauge
go_threads gauge
node_arp_entries gauge
node_boot_time_seconds gauge
node_context_switches_total counter
node_cooling_device_cur_state gauge
node_cooling_device_max_state gauge
node_cpu_guest_seconds_total counter
node_cpu_seconds_total counter
node_disk_discard_time_seconds_total counter
node_disk_discarded_sectors_total counter
node_disk_discards_completed_total counter
node_disk_discards_merged_total counter
node_disk_info gauge
node_disk_io_now gauge
node_disk_io_time_seconds_total counter
node_disk_io_time_weighted_seconds_total counter
node_disk_read_bytes_total counter
node_disk_read_time_seconds_total counter
node_disk_reads_completed_total counter
node_disk_reads_merged_total counter
node_disk_write_time_seconds_total counter
node_disk_writes_completed_total counter
node_disk_writes_merged_total counter
node_disk_written_bytes_total counter
node_dmi_info gauge
node_entropy_available_bits gauge
node_entropy_pool_size_bits gauge
node_exporter_build_info gauge
node_filefd_allocated gauge
node_filefd_maximum gauge
node_filesystem_avail_bytes gauge
node_filesystem_device_error gauge
node_filesystem_files gauge
node_filesystem_files_free gauge
node_filesystem_free_bytes gauge
node_filesystem_readonly gauge
node_filesystem_size_bytes gauge
node_forks_total counter
node_intr_total counter
node_ipvs_connections_total counter
node_ipvs_incoming_bytes_total counter
node_ipvs_incoming_packets_total counter
node_ipvs_outgoing_bytes_total counter
node_ipvs_outgoing_packets_total counter
node_load1 gauge
node_load15 gauge
node_load5 gauge
node_memory_Active_anon_bytes gauge
node_memory_Active_bytes gauge
node_memory_Active_file_bytes gauge
node_memory_AnonHugePages_bytes gauge
node_memory_AnonPages_bytes gauge
node_memory_Bounce_bytes gauge
node_memory_Buffers_bytes gauge
node_memory_Cached_bytes gauge
node_memory_CmaFree_bytes gauge
node_memory_CmaTotal_bytes gauge
node_memory_CommitLimit_bytes gauge
node_memory_Committed_AS_bytes gauge
node_memory_DirectMap1G_bytes gauge
node_memory_DirectMap2M_bytes gauge
node_memory_DirectMap4k_bytes gauge
node_memory_Dirty_bytes gauge
node_memory_FileHugePages_bytes gauge
node_memory_FilePmdMapped_bytes gauge
node_memory_HardwareCorrupted_bytes gauge
node_memory_HugePages_Free gauge
node_memory_HugePages_Rsvd gauge
node_memory_HugePages_Surp gauge
node_memory_HugePages_Total gauge
node_memory_Hugepagesize_bytes gauge
node_memory_Hugetlb_bytes gauge
node_memory_Inactive_anon_bytes gauge
node_memory_Inactive_bytes gauge
node_memory_Inactive_file_bytes gauge
node_memory_KReclaimable_bytes gauge
node_memory_KernelStack_bytes gauge
node_memory_Mapped_bytes gauge
node_memory_MemAvailable_bytes gauge
node_memory_MemFree_bytes gauge
node_memory_MemTotal_bytes gauge
node_memory_Mlocked_bytes gauge
node_memory_NFS_Unstable_bytes gauge
node_memory_PageTables_bytes gauge
node_memory_Percpu_bytes gauge
node_memory_SReclaimable_bytes gauge
node_memory_SUnreclaim_bytes gauge
node_memory_ShmemHugePages_bytes gauge
node_memory_ShmemPmdMapped_bytes gauge
node_memory_Shmem_bytes gauge
node_memory_Slab_bytes gauge
node_memory_SwapCached_bytes gauge
node_memory_SwapFree_bytes gauge
node_memory_SwapTotal_bytes gauge
node_memory_Unevictable_bytes gauge
node_memory_VmallocChunk_bytes gauge
node_memory_VmallocTotal_bytes gauge
node_memory_VmallocUsed_bytes gauge
node_memory_WritebackTmp_bytes gauge
node_memory_Writeback_bytes gauge
node_netstat_Icmp6_InErrors untyped
node_netstat_Icmp6_InMsgs untyped
node_netstat_Icmp6_OutMsgs untyped
node_netstat_Icmp_InErrors untyped
node_netstat_Icmp_InMsgs untyped
node_netstat_Icmp_OutMsgs untyped
node_netstat_Ip6_InOctets untyped
node_netstat_Ip6_OutOctets untyped
node_netstat_IpExt_InOctets untyped
node_netstat_IpExt_OutOctets untyped
node_netstat_Ip_Forwarding untyped
node_netstat_TcpExt_ListenDrops untyped
node_netstat_TcpExt_ListenOverflows untyped
node_netstat_TcpExt_SyncookiesFailed untyped
node_netstat_TcpExt_SyncookiesRecv untyped
node_netstat_TcpExt_SyncookiesSent untyped
node_netstat_TcpExt_TCPSynRetrans untyped
node_netstat_TcpExt_TCPTimeouts untyped
node_netstat_Tcp_ActiveOpens untyped
node_netstat_Tcp_CurrEstab untyped
node_netstat_Tcp_InErrs untyped
node_netstat_Tcp_InSegs untyped
node_netstat_Tcp_OutRsts untyped
node_netstat_Tcp_OutSegs untyped
node_netstat_Tcp_PassiveOpens untyped
node_netstat_Tcp_RetransSegs untyped
node_netstat_Udp6_InDatagrams untyped
node_netstat_Udp6_InErrors untyped
node_netstat_Udp6_NoPorts untyped
node_netstat_Udp6_OutDatagrams untyped
node_netstat_Udp6_RcvbufErrors untyped
node_netstat_Udp6_SndbufErrors untyped
node_netstat_UdpLite6_InErrors untyped
node_netstat_UdpLite_InErrors untyped
node_netstat_Udp_InDatagrams untyped
node_netstat_Udp_InErrors untyped
node_netstat_Udp_NoPorts untyped
node_netstat_Udp_OutDatagrams untyped
node_netstat_Udp_RcvbufErrors untyped
node_netstat_Udp_SndbufErrors untyped
node_network_address_assign_type gauge
node_network_carrier gauge
node_network_carrier_changes_total counter
node_network_carrier_down_changes_total counter
node_network_carrier_up_changes_total counter
node_network_device_id gauge
node_network_dormant gauge
node_network_flags gauge
node_network_iface_id gauge
node_network_iface_link gauge
node_network_iface_link_mode gauge
node_network_info gauge
node_network_mtu_bytes gauge
node_network_name_assign_type gauge
node_network_net_dev_group gauge
node_network_protocol_type gauge
node_network_receive_bytes_total counter
node_network_receive_compressed_total counter
node_network_receive_drop_total counter
node_network_receive_errs_total counter
node_network_receive_fifo_total counter
node_network_receive_frame_total counter
node_network_receive_multicast_total counter
node_network_receive_packets_total counter
node_network_speed_bytes gauge
node_network_transmit_bytes_total counter
node_network_transmit_carrier_total counter
node_network_transmit_colls_total counter
node_network_transmit_compressed_total counter
node_network_transmit_drop_total counter
node_network_transmit_errs_total counter
node_network_transmit_fifo_total counter
node_network_transmit_packets_total counter
node_network_transmit_queue_length gauge
node_network_up gauge
node_nf_conntrack_entries gauge
node_nf_conntrack_entries_limit gauge
node_os_info gauge
node_os_version gauge
node_pressure_cpu_waiting_seconds_total counter
node_pressure_io_stalled_seconds_total counter
node_pressure_io_waiting_seconds_total counter
node_pressure_memory_stalled_seconds_total counter
node_pressure_memory_waiting_seconds_total counter
node_procs_blocked gauge
node_procs_running gauge
node_schedstat_running_seconds_total counter
node_schedstat_timeslices_total counter
node_schedstat_waiting_seconds_total counter
node_scrape_collector_duration_seconds gauge
node_scrape_collector_success gauge
node_sockstat_FRAG6_inuse gauge
node_sockstat_FRAG6_memory gauge
node_sockstat_FRAG_inuse gauge
node_sockstat_FRAG_memory gauge
node_sockstat_RAW6_inuse gauge
node_sockstat_RAW_inuse gauge
node_sockstat_TCP6_inuse gauge
node_sockstat_TCP_alloc gauge
node_sockstat_TCP_inuse gauge
node_sockstat_TCP_mem gauge
node_sockstat_TCP_mem_bytes gauge
node_sockstat_TCP_orphan gauge
node_sockstat_TCP_tw gauge
node_sockstat_UDP6_inuse gauge
node_sockstat_UDPLITE6_inuse gauge
node_sockstat_UDPLITE_inuse gauge
node_sockstat_UDP_inuse gauge
node_sockstat_UDP_mem gauge
node_sockstat_UDP_mem_bytes gauge
node_sockstat_sockets_used gauge
node_softnet_dropped_total counter
node_softnet_processed_total counter
node_softnet_times_squeezed_total counter
node_textfile_scrape_error gauge
node_time_clocksource_available_info gauge
node_time_clocksource_current_info gauge
node_time_seconds gauge
node_time_zone_offset_seconds gauge
node_timex_estimated_error_seconds gauge
node_timex_frequency_adjustment_ratio gauge
node_timex_loop_time_constant gauge
node_timex_maxerror_seconds gauge
node_timex_offset_seconds gauge
node_timex_pps_calibration_total counter
node_timex_pps_error_total counter
node_timex_pps_frequency_hertz gauge
node_timex_pps_jitter_seconds gauge
node_timex_pps_jitter_total counter
node_timex_pps_shift_seconds gauge
node_timex_pps_stability_exceeded_total counter
node_timex_pps_stability_hertz gauge
node_timex_status gauge
node_timex_sync_status gauge
node_timex_tai_offset_seconds gauge
node_timex_tick_seconds gauge
node_udp_queues gauge
node_uname_info gauge
node_vmstat_oom_kill untyped
node_vmstat_pgfault untyped
node_vmstat_pgmajfault untyped
node_vmstat_pgpgin untyped
node_vmstat_pgpgout untyped
node_vmstat_pswpin untyped
node_vmstat_pswpout untyped
process_cpu_seconds_total counter
process_max_fds gauge
process_open_fds gauge
process_resident_memory_bytes gauge
process_start_time_seconds gauge
process_virtual_memory_bytes gauge
process_virtual_memory_max_bytes gauge
promhttp_metric_handler_errors_total counter
promhttp_metric_handler_requests_in_flight gauge
promhttp_metric_handler_requests_total counter